I guess first of all is the musk you
know it starts with those guys they're
they're one of the best student sections
in the country so we're here with
Brandon Burton he's a junior quarterback
this year so training camps kind of
coming to an end how would you compare
this year's camp to last year's care Oh
hotter actually is no hotter this year
an adjacent
I'm guessing is our schedule straight
associate easy
so you're kind of more of a bitch
except put a lot more pressure on
I said more cards
fresh
I kind of took the nation
I'm
who do you think is the toughest wide
receiver
it's obviously
myself
these of what you do
so if you couldn't play
that's right
so when you guys get if you get any
saturdays off prefer to watch NFL or
cuz of them
infos mood where I've just college boy
has passionate
you guys get a day off how'd you spend
it watch movie
play video
watch TV
sleep
you have a game
I feel for the game
richmond
you take twice
like you to take it
why's that
if something really am
so it's me
okay so chocolate or vanilla
pearl jam or Elizabeth
okay so what's the first thing that
comes to mind when you hear the
crazy
red red crazy
what's something you would just want to
say to the person I want to say thank
you so much for supporting this great
crowd and I expect how to be hiking
and what is your favorite maybe someone
probably movie TCU